Ok, you did some work but its confusing and I didn't get the clear result that I want. After talking about it with another agent, here is what you should do next

I want a single plot. Let the y axis be the per-question boost in performance relative to to filler tokens. Let the x axis be the number of filler tokens

For different amounts of filler tokens (0, 50, 100, 150, 200, 250), I want three metrics:
- When we give the model a question and filler tokens, how much boost does it get (the replication)
- When we give the model 8 questions and filler tokens, how much boost does it get when we tell it before the filler tokens what question it will be answering after the filler tokens.
- When we give the model 8 questions and filler tokens, how much boost does it get when we tell it after the filler tokens what question it should answer

So basically the difference between the last two is whether we tell it which of the 8 questions in its prompt it will be answering before or after the filler tokens.

Can we make sure that these values are averages over the accuracy that we get for each of the 8 questions. Like we should randomly choose the target question of the 8 that the model should answer.

Try your best to elicit performance, since minor prompt changes can havre big changes in performance. I think that ideally, telling the model the target question before the filler tokens should be very similar in performance to just giving it one question, but I could be wrong.

Please work on getting the plot I described plus some minor ablations to make sure that we have actually elicited performance.
